     *******NetherWorld Immortal Code of Conduct*******

As immortals, our job is to not only oversee the running of
the mud, but to make it a fun place for everyone, mortals and
immortals.  All of us have played in muds in which both 
mortals, and surprisingly immortals, have insulted players,
tried to cheat, steal, or lie to one another.  Netherworld
was not created to be just another mud.  It was created with
the idea that mortals and immortals would treat each other
with respect so that it would be a fun place for everyone.
Since there is no way to screen every person who immorts, it
is necessary for us to have a code of conduct for immortals.
It goes as follows:

1. Please do not swear over public channels.  It gives 
immortals a bad name, and it's also rude.  

2. Please do not misuse your powers in a way that would hurt
any other character.

3. Please do not tolerate the swearing of any players, whether
mortal or immortal.  If a player is caught swearing over 
public channels, disconnect them immediately after telling
them that it is not allowed.

4. Please do not insult other players.  We want this mud to
be one where everyone feels welcome.  If two players have a
disagreement, they can settle it between themselves.  No
public channels are to be used to exchange insults.

5. Please do not share untrue information with newbies.  For
example, when they ask for directions somewhere, do not give
them directions to a death trap.

6. Respect all immortals, especially ones higher then you.

7. Respect all mortals, even newbies.  They may not be as good
a player as you, but they still deserve respect.

8. Do not threaten anyone with character deletion for reasons
other then repetitive breaking of the NetherWorld rules.

9. Please discuss all major decisions with one or more of the
implementors.

10. If you have any problems with any immortal, explain the
situation to an implementor and they will decide what should
be done.  Do not take the punishment of anyone into your own 
hands.

Failure to comply with this code of conduct will result in
restricted use of your immortal character, and ultimately
deletion of your character if bad conduct continues.  We take
these rules seriously, and as immortals, our job is to be 
good examples to mortals so that all will, if not get along,
try to tolerate each other.

